extra.md, before:

#### In my free (really free) time...

- I sing in a metal band! - _Yes, I make ungodly sounds 🎤_
- I am an extreme vocal coach - _I teach people how to scream 😱_
- I go to all the metal(core) concerts and festivals I can! - _I'm a metalhead 🤘_
- I curate a list of personal finance resources [here](https://github.com/mbianchidev/financial-cool)
- I hike but nothing too challenging - _I'm just a nature lover 🌲_
- I try to stay fit and used to do combat sports (Kickboxing, K1, Muay Thai, BJJ, MMA), now I just go to the boring gym - _I'm a former amateur fighter 🥊_
- I compose(d) some aggressive electronic music - _ask me about it! 🤖_
- [I curate my Spotify playlists](https://open.spotify.com/user/1169908688?si=f484127a02164fc7)
- I have 8 tattoos and counting - _I love being able to tell a story without even speaking 🖤_
- I used to stream on a Twitch gaming channel _cringe-y, not sharing the link here 😳_
- I've been playing League of Legends for 10+ years, peak elo higher than yours! 💎 But now I mostly play single player games: Elden Ring is the last one I played as of 2023. 👾
- I play Magic The Gathering, mainly MTGA due to my wallet not being very happy with the real deal.
- I am a risotto master - _I'm Italian 🇮🇹 I literally can't be (too) bad at cooking_
- I gave birth to tons of D&D PGs - most of them passed away, sigh. _I love tabletop games and RPGs_ 🎲
- I brewed my own beer a couple of times and also served beer & cocktails as a bartender - _I'm an IPA lover 🍺_
- I created a moderately-famous Facebook meme page back in the trollface days (around 2010) - _I'm somewhat proud of it, lol_

#### My personal quotes

- Code is a (terrible) liability. 💸
- Data is your most valuable asset. Protect it. 🛡️
- Always assume good intentions, especially when interacting with a non-native English speaker. 🌍
- People are way more important than code or data. 🧑‍🤝‍🧑

#### Some of the stuff I'm learning and/or trying out

- Chess (around 1000 elo as of 2024) ♟️-> Stopped playing in favor of Magic The Gathering Arena

#### Some books I recommended

#### Investing, personal finance and life

| Name | Url | Summary |
| --- | --- | --- |
| A random walk down Wall Street | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3ZfNgJ0) | A Random Walk Down Wall Street is a book about investing by Burton Malkiel |
| So Good They Can't Ignore You | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3Px7d9N) | So Good They Can't Ignore You is a book about career advice by Cal Newport |
| The Intelligent Investor | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/44IOj57) | The Intelligent Investor is a book about value investing by Benjamin Graham |
| The Little Book of Common Sense Investing | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/467d8Zs) | The Little Book of Common Sense Investing is a book about index investing by John C. Bogle |
| The Four Pillars of Investing | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/45L24BK) | The Four Pillars of Investing is a book about investing by William J. Bernstein |
| The Four Hour Work Week | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/48cCmYz) | The Four Hour Work Week is a book about productivity by Tim Ferriss |
| Deep Work | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/45KXYcS) | Deep Work is a book about productivity by Cal Newport |
| The 80/20 Principle | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3sSlvKs) | The 80/20 Principle is a book about productivity by Richard Koch |
| The psychology of money | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3ZcgacQ) | The psychology of money is a book about personal finance by Morgan Housel |
| Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3sSlBBO) | Zero One is a book about startups by Peter Thiel |
| The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3sNOWNw) | The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck is a book about life by Mark Manson |
| The Alchemist | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/485Ydk9) | The Alchemist is a book about life by Paulo Coelho |

#### Engineering

| Name | Url | Summary |
| --- | --- | --- |
| The Pragmatic Programmer | - | The Pragmatic Programmer is a book about software development by Andrew Hunt and David Thomas |
| Clean Code | - | Clean Code is a book about writing good readable code by Robert C. Martin |
| Accelerate | - | Accelerate is a book about scaling DevOps by Nicole Forsgren, Jez Humble and Gene Kim |
| The Phoenix Project | - | The Phoenix Project is a story about DevOps by Gene Kim, Kevin Behr and George Spafford |
| The Lean Startup | - | The Lean Startup is a book about doing startup the "right" way by Eric Ries |
| Team Topologies | - | Team Topologies is a book about team structures in IT by Matthew Skelton and Manuel Pais |
| DevOps Handbook | - | DevOps Handbook is a book about, well, DevOps? by Gene Kim, Jez Humble, Patrick Debois and John Willis |

#### Fun facts unrelated to tech

In my teenage years I had the opportunity to try out different jobs:

- Piercer
- Bartender
- Beach lifeguard
- Fast food worker
- Security/Bouncer - clubs, concerts, music festivals
- Pizza delivery guy
- Music events PR and organizer (wish I was still doing this)

Some of these I didn't like that much, but each of them taught me something and played a role in shaping who I am today.

Commit message:

Revise personal finance and tattoo information
Updated personal details and interests in extra.md.

extra.md, after:

#### In my free (really free) time...

- I sing in a metal band! - _Yes, I make ungodly sounds 🎤_
- I am an extreme vocal coach - _I teach people how to scream 😱_
- I go to all the metal(core) concerts and festivals I can! - _I'm a metalhead 🤘_
- I hike but nothing too challenging - _I'm just a nature lover 🌲_
- I try to stay fit and used to do combat sports (Kickboxing, K1, Muay Thai, BJJ, MMA), now I just go to the boring gym - _I'm a former amateur fighter 🥊_
- I compose(d) some aggressive electronic music - _ask me about it! 🤖_
- [I curate my Spotify playlists](https://open.spotify.com/user/1169908688?si=f484127a02164fc7)
- I have 10+ tattoos but you probably will ever see only a part of them - _I love being able to tell a story without even speaking 🖤_
- I used to stream on a Twitch gaming channel _cringe-y, not sharing the link here 😳_
- I played League of Legends for 10+ years, peak elo higher than yours! 💎 But now I mostly play single player games: Elden Ring is the last one I played as of 2023. 👾
- I play Magic The Gathering, mainly MTGA due to my wallet not being very happy with the real deal.
- I am a risotto master - _I'm Italian 🇮🇹 I literally can't be (too) bad at cooking_
- I gave birth to tons of D&D PGs - most of them passed away, sigh. _I love tabletop games and RPGs_ 🎲
- I brewed my own beer a couple of times and also served beer & cocktails as a bartender - _I'm an IPA lover 🍺_
- I created a moderately-famous Facebook meme page back in the trollface days (around 2010) - _I'm somewhat proud of it, lol_

#### My personal quotes

- Code is a (terrible) liability. 💸
- Data is your most valuable asset. Protect it. 🛡️
- Always assume good intentions, especially when interacting with a non-native English speaker. 🌍
- People are way more important than code or data. 🧑‍🤝‍🧑

#### Some of the stuff I'm learning and/or trying out

- Chess (around 1000 elo as of 2024) ♟️-> Stopped playing in favor of Magic The Gathering Arena

#### Some books I recommended

#### Investing, personal finance and life

| Name | Url | Summary |
| --- | --- | --- |
| A random walk down Wall Street | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3ZfNgJ0) | A Random Walk Down Wall Street is a book about investing by Burton Malkiel |
| So Good They Can't Ignore You | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3Px7d9N) | So Good They Can't Ignore You is a book about career advice by Cal Newport |
| The Intelligent Investor | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/44IOj57) | The Intelligent Investor is a book about value investing by Benjamin Graham |
| The Little Book of Common Sense Investing | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/467d8Zs) | The Little Book of Common Sense Investing is a book about index investing by John C. Bogle |
| The Four Pillars of Investing | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/45L24BK) | The Four Pillars of Investing is a book about investing by William J. Bernstein |
| The Four Hour Work Week | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/48cCmYz) | The Four Hour Work Week is a book about productivity by Tim Ferriss |
| Deep Work | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/45KXYcS) | Deep Work is a book about productivity by Cal Newport |
| The 80/20 Principle | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3sSlvKs) | The 80/20 Principle is a book about productivity by Richard Koch |
| The psychology of money | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3ZcgacQ) | The psychology of money is a book about personal finance by Morgan Housel |
| Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3sSlBBO) | Zero One is a book about startups by Peter Thiel |
| The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/3sNOWNw) | The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck is a book about life by Mark Manson |
| The Alchemist | [Amazon aff. link](https://amzn.to/485Ydk9) | The Alchemist is a book about life by Paulo Coelho |

#### Engineering

| Name | Url | Summary |
| --- | --- | --- |
| The Pragmatic Programmer | - | The Pragmatic Programmer is a book about software development by Andrew Hunt and David Thomas |
| Clean Code | - | Clean Code is a book about writing good readable code by Robert C. Martin |
| Accelerate | - | Accelerate is a book about scaling DevOps by Nicole Forsgren, Jez Humble and Gene Kim |
| The Phoenix Project | - | The Phoenix Project is a story about DevOps by Gene Kim, Kevin Behr and George Spafford |
| The Lean Startup | - | The Lean Startup is a book about doing startup the "right" way by Eric Ries |
| Team Topologies | - | Team Topologies is a book about team structures in IT by Matthew Skelton and Manuel Pais |
| DevOps Handbook | - | DevOps Handbook is a book about, well, DevOps? by Gene Kim, Jez Humble, Patrick Debois and John Willis |

#### Fun facts unrelated to tech

In my teenage years I had the opportunity to try out different jobs:

- Piercer
- Bartender
- Beach lifeguard
- Fast food worker
- Security/Bouncer - clubs, concerts, music festivals
- Pizza delivery guy
- Music events PR and organizer (wish I was still doing this)

Some of these I didn't like that much, but each of them taught me something and played a role in shaping who I am today.
