README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Hi there!

I'm a metal singer with 10+ years of software/cloud engineering experience.

Currently living in Northern Europe and working at **GitHub** (you are looking at it).

"I like to define myself as a **jack of most (tech) trades, master of some**."

---

### Quick Links

[![Values](https://img.shields.io/badge/📜-Values%20%26%20Mission-blue?style=for-the-badge)](values-and-mission.md)
[![Public Speaking](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎤-Public%20Speaking-green?style=for-the-badge)](public-speaking/README.md)
[![Content Creation](https://img.shields.io/badge/📝-Content%20Creation-orange?style=for-the-badge)](content-creation/README.md)

[![Achievements](https://img.shields.io/badge/🏆-Achievements-yellow?style=for-the-badge)](achievements.md)
[![Fun Facts](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎉-Fun%20Facts-purple?style=for-the-badge)](extra.md)
[![All Links](https://img.shields.io/badge/🔗-Everything%20Else-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://mb-consulting.dev/all-links)

---

## Things I am currently working on, aside from my main job

<details>
<summary><b>Click to expand</b></summary>

| Type | Project | Description | Effort      |
|------|---------|-------------|-------------|
| ☕ | **Music** | Playing and recording music with my band. | High. <br> Best way to spend many hours of my free time. |
| 💸 | **Consulting** | Infrastructure/Architecture with a focus on Kubernetes, Hiring, Product Market Fit & Go To Market, Open Source Strategy. | Medium. <br> Depends on the period. |
| 📖 | **[Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes)** | It's running this and other website/apps you look at every single day. | Medium. <br> A couple hours per week, doing maintainance and improving processes. |
| 💸 | **[Mentoring engineers](https://mentorcruise.com/mentor/matteobianchi/)** | Reach out on MentorCruise, or my LinkedIn if you want to be mentored by me, easy. | Low. <br> I only take a few mentees at a time. |
| 📖 🔮 | **[Fire Tools](https://github.com/mbianchidev/fire-tools)** | Your personal finance copilot, without AI. | Low. <br> A hobby project that will substitute the current Google Sheet setup for my personal finance. |
| 📖 ☕ | **[Track2Stem](https://github.com/mbianchidev/track2stem)** | A way to separate tracks into multiple stems, with AI. | Low. <br> Another hobby project, but music-related. |
| 📖 ☕ | **[AnyTrack Converter](https://github.com/mbianchidev/anytrack-converter)** | Convert any audio file or YouTube video to any format you want, with metadata editing. | Low. <br> Another hobby project, but music-related. |
| 📖 | **[LaTeX Editor](https://github.com/mbianchidev/latex-editor)** | A free, open source LaTeX editor with real-time preview. Think Overleaf, but free and self-hostable. | Low. <br> A hobby project born out of frustration with Overleaf limits. |
| ☕ 🔮 | **[ATS Review](https://github.com/mbianchidev/ats-review)** | Something is cooking here... stay tuned! 🔮 | WIP |
| 📖 ☕ | **[2DnD](https://github.com/mbianchidev/2dnd)** | A 2D game, work in progress. | WIP |
| 📖 | **[PDFTools](https://github.com/mbianchidev/pdf-tools)** | A simple PDF manipulation tool, to avoid uploading your files on 3rd party websites. | Low. <br> This is pretty much finished, I might add more features as I need them. |
| 📖 🔮 | **[Engineering Interviews](https://github.com/mbianchidev/engineering-interviews)** | A simple platform to practice for engineering interviews, focused on System Design, Engineering and conversational interview. | Low. <br> I sometimes add questions here, especially when I spar-interview. |
| 📖 | **[Platform Engineering Roadmap](https://github.com/mbianchidev/platform-engineering-roadmap)** | An opinionated way to get to be a Platform Engineer, in the form of a roadmap.sh style website. | Low. <br> I will probably donate it to a Platform Engineering community at some point. |
| ☕ | **[My new satiric website](https://github.com/mbianchidev/mock-startup-website)** | I pretended to have a startup with a cool product (me) and I am absolutely mocking YC founders with this, yes. | Almost zero. <br> One day I'll actually buy a new domain and publish it. |
| 📖 🔮 | **[Find-concerts.io](https://github.com/mbianchidev/find-concerts-io)** | I want to build a concert discovery service that doesn't suck, unlike Songkick or Bandsintown (somewhat). | Almost zero. <br> Gotta find time to work on this. |
| 📖 ☕ | **[Open Playlist](https://github.com/mbianchidev/open-playlist)** | A music playlist management tool. | Low. <br> A hobby project, but music-related. |
| 📖 ☕ | **[Eisen Todo](https://github.com/mbianchidev/eisen-todo)** | An Eisenhower matrix todo app for your productivity. | Low. <br> A hobby project for productivity management. |
| 📖 ☕ | **[Every Music](https://github.com/mbianchidev/every-music)** | A music discovery and management project. | Low. <br> A hobby project for music enthusiasts. |

### Legend

| Icon | Meaning |
|:----:|---------|
| ☕ | Hobby |
| 📖 | Open Source |
| 💸 | Monetized |
| 🔮 | Monetized (in the future?) |

</details>

---

## 📬 Contact me

### 💬 Get in Touch

| Method | Details |
|--------|---------|
| 🔐 **Secure Messages** | [public GPG key](keys/gpgkey.pub) to message me about sensitive matters ||

> ⚠️ _If you need to report any OSS security vulnerability use the project security.md file and follow the instructions, thanks!_

<details>
  <summary><b>🗓️ Wanna book a meeting instead?</b></summary>
  <br>
  Here's a secret <a href="https://mb-consulting.dev/secret">link</a>! 🤫
</details>

---

## 💪 Just flexin some OSS contributions

[![DevStats Card](https://devstats.me/?username=mbianchidev)](https://github.com/tico88612/devstats-card)

---

## 👤 About me

<details>
  <summary><i>Are you sure? It's really long.</i></summary>
  <br>
  <blockquote>
    <strong>TLDR;</strong> I really like to build stuff in the cloud, especially if they pay me big bucks for it.
  </blockquote>
</details>

</div>

Commit message:

Revise project details in README
Updated project descriptions and effort levels in the README.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Hi there!

I'm a metal singer with 10+ years of software/cloud engineering experience.

Currently living in Northern Europe and working at **GitHub** (you are looking at it).

"I like to define myself as a **jack of most (tech) trades, master of some**."

---

### Quick Links

[![Values](https://img.shields.io/badge/📜-Values%20%26%20Mission-blue?style=for-the-badge)](values-and-mission.md)
[![Public Speaking](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎤-Public%20Speaking-green?style=for-the-badge)](public-speaking/README.md)
[![Content Creation](https://img.shields.io/badge/📝-Content%20Creation-orange?style=for-the-badge)](content-creation/README.md)

[![Achievements](https://img.shields.io/badge/🏆-Achievements-yellow?style=for-the-badge)](achievements.md)
[![Fun Facts](https://img.shields.io/badge/🎉-Fun%20Facts-purple?style=for-the-badge)](extra.md)
[![All Links](https://img.shields.io/badge/🔗-Everything%20Else-red?style=for-the-badge)](https://mb-consulting.dev/all-links)

---

## Aside from my main job

<details>
<summary><b>Click to expand</b></summary>

### I am mainly working on...

| Type | Project | Description | Effort      |
|------|---------|-------------|-------------|
| ☕ | **Music** | Playing and recording music with my band. | High. <br> Best way to spend many hours of my free time. |
| 💸 | **Consulting** | Infrastructure/Architecture with a focus on Kubernetes, Hiring, Product Market Fit & Go To Market, Open Source Strategy. | Medium. <br> Depends on the period. |
| 📖 | **[Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes)** | It's running this and other website/apps you look at every single day. | Medium. <br> A couple hours per week, doing maintainance and improving processes. |
| 💸 | **[Mentoring engineers](https://mentorcruise.com/mentor/matteobianchi/)** | Reach out on MentorCruise, or my LinkedIn if you want to be mentored by me, easy. | Low. <br> I only take a few mentees at a time. |
| 📖 🔮 | **[Fire Tools](https://github.com/mbianchidev/fire-tools)** | Your personal finance copilot, without AI. | Low. <br> A hobby project that will substitute the current Google Sheet setup for my personal finance. |

### When I'm not playing music...

| Type | Project | Description | Effort      |
|------|---------|-------------|-------------|
| 📖 ☕ | **[Track2Stem](https://github.com/mbianchidev/track2stem)** | A way to separate tracks into multiple stems, with AI. | Low. <br> Another hobby project, but music-related. |
| 📖 🔮 | **[Find-concerts.io](https://github.com/mbianchidev/find-concerts-io)** | I want to build a concert discovery service that doesn't suck, unlike Songkick or Bandsintown (somewhat). | Almost zero. <br> Gotta find time to work on this. |
| 📖 🔮 | **[Every Music](https://github.com/mbianchidev/every-music)** | A music-based social media. | Low. <br> A business idea, somewhat overlapping with find-concerts. |
| 📖 ☕ | **[AnyTrack Converter](https://github.com/mbianchidev/anytrack-converter)** | Convert any audio file or YouTube video to any format you want, with metadata editing. | Low. <br> Another hobby project, but music-related. |
| 📖 | **[Open Playlist](https://github.com/mbianchidev/open-playlist)** | An Open Standard for music playlists | Low. <br> The way music should move forward, no vendor lock-in. |

### Since I want to move away from SaaS as much as possible...

| Type | Project | Description | Effort      |
|------|---------|-------------|-------------|
| 📖 | **[Eisen Todo](https://github.com/mbianchidev/eisen-todo)** | An Eisenhower matrix todo app for your productivity. | Low. <br> A hobby project for productivity management. |
| 📖 | **[PDFTools](https://github.com/mbianchidev/pdf-tools)** | A simple PDF manipulation tool, to avoid uploading your files on 3rd party websites. | Low. <br> This is pretty much finished, I might add more features as I need them. |

### To help with my mentoring efforts...

| Type | Project | Description | Effort      |
|------|---------|-------------|-------------|
| 📖 🔮 | **[Engineering Interviews](https://github.com/mbianchidev/engineering-interviews)** | A simple platform to practice for engineering interviews, focused on System Design, Engineering and conversational interview. | Low. <br> I sometimes add questions here, especially when I spar-interview. |
| 📖 | **[Platform Engineering Roadmap](https://github.com/mbianchidev/platform-engineering-roadmap)** | An opinionated way to get to be a Platform Engineer, in the form of a roadmap.sh style website. | Low. <br> I will probably donate it to a Platform Engineering community at some point. |
| 📖 | **[LaTeX Editor](https://github.com/mbianchidev/latex-editor)** | A free, open source LaTeX editor with real-time preview. Think Overleaf, but free and self-hostable. | Low. <br> A hobby project born out of frustration with Overleaf limits. |
| ☕ 🔮 | **[ATS Review](https://github.com/mbianchidev/ats-review)** | Something is cooking here... stay tuned! 🔮 | WIP |

### When I really don't have shit to do...

| Type | Project | Description | Effort      |
|------|---------|-------------|-------------|
| ☕ | **[My new satiric website](https://github.com/mbianchidev/mock-startup-website)** | I pretended to have a startup with a cool product (me) and I am absolutely mocking YC founders with this, yes. | Almost zero. <br> One day I'll actually buy a new domain and publish it. |
| 📖 ☕ | **[2DnD](https://github.com/mbianchidev/2dnd)** | A game based on D&D but 2D, duh. | WIP |

### Legend

| Icon | Meaning |
|:----:|---------|
| ☕ | Hobby |
| 📖 | Open Source |
| 💸 | Monetized |
| 🔮 | Monetized (in the future?) |

</details>

---

## 📬 Contact me

### 💬 Get in Touch

| Method | Details |
|--------|---------|
| 🔐 **Secure Messages** | [public GPG key](keys/gpgkey.pub) to message me about sensitive matters ||

> ⚠️ _If you need to report any OSS security vulnerability use the project security.md file and follow the instructions, thanks!_

<details>
  <summary><b>🗓️ Wanna book a meeting instead?</b></summary>
  <br>
  Here's a secret <a href="https://mb-consulting.dev/secret">link</a>! 🤫
</details>

---

## 💪 Just flexin some OSS contributions

[![DevStats Card](https://devstats.me/?username=mbianchidev)](https://github.com/tico88612/devstats-card)

---

## 👤 About me

<details>
  <summary><i>Are you sure? It's really long.</i></summary>
  <br>
  <blockquote>
    <strong>TLDR;</strong> I really like to build stuff in the cloud, especially if they pay me big bucks for it.
  </blockquote>
</details>

</div>
