public-speaking/CFPs/I-explained-eBPF-to-my-grandma.md, before:

# I explained eBPF to my grandma!

Submitted to:
- w/ Jason Dellaluce (Sysdig) KubeCon NA 2024 - main conference
- w/ Jason Dellaluce (Sysdig) KubeCon NA 2024 - CiliumCon

Accepted to: 
- 

Submitted as: Indipendent w/ Jason Dellaluce (Sysdig)

**Format**: Dual Presentation (25 minutes)

**Slides**: [TBD](https://www.slidescarnival.com/)

## Description / Abstract

Picture yourself in a cozy after-work evening spent with your Kubernetes-aware grandma. She asks you about your day, which you mostly spent working with eBPF. Can you describe it in gradma-friendly words?

Having done it well for Kubernetes already, Matteo and Jason know that their sweet spot is the kitchen lingo. They'll uncover the secrets of eBPF to their grandmas, presenting it as the secret ingredient for transforming tiny family-owned restaurants into Michelin-star kitchen brigades.

Leveraging their trademarked grandma benchmark, they'll employ simple food analogies to explain eBPF for those that never head of it. The session will cover the basics of the technology and the current state of the art, how it enables real-time analysis of network packets, and how it's employed in large-scale cloud native projects. Parallels will be provided on how chefs orchestrate their kitchens to ensure all food is served with top-notch quality, with no client getting food poisoned (or hacked).

## Benefits to the Ecosystem

Did you ever wondered how to make eBPF accessible to someone with no to little technical background? This talk promises an exploration filled with kitchen-inspired metaphors. 

Whether you're a seasoned (pun intended) eBPF expert or just getting started, come and taste the unique perspective of understanding eBPf through the eyes of an Italian grandma.

**OSS Project used**: eBPF, Falco

Commit message:

Added and modified talks
Signed-off-by: mbianchidev <matteo@mb-consulting.dev>

public-speaking/CFPs/I-explained-eBPF-to-my-grandma.md, after:

# I explained eBPF to my grandma!

Submitted to:
- w/ Jason Dellaluce (Sysdig) KubeCon NA 2024 - main conference
- w/ Jason Dellaluce (Sysdig) KubeCon NA 2024 - CiliumCon

Accepted to: 
- 

Submitted as: Indipendent w/ Jason Dellaluce (Sysdig)

**Format**: Dual Presentation (25 minutes)

**Slides**: [TBD](https://www.slidescarnival.com/)

## Description / Abstract

Picture yourself in a cozy after-work evening spent with your lovely Kubernetes-aware grandma. She asks you about your day, which you mostly spent working with eBPF. Can you describe it in gradma-friendly words?

We know our sweet spot is the kitchen lingo, so we'll uncover the secrets of eBPF to our grandmas, presenting it as the secret ingredient for transforming a tiny family-owned restaurants into a Michelin-star kitchen brigade.

Leveraging our trademarked Grandma Benchmark™, we'll use simple food analogies to explain eBPF for those that never head of it. The session will cover the basics of the technology and the current state of the art, how it enables real-time analysis of network packets, and how it's employed in large-scale cloud native projects. We will explore a parallelism between eBPF and how chefs orchestrate their kitchens, to ensure all food is served with top-notch quality, with no client getting food poisoned (or hacked).

## Benefits to the Ecosystem

Did you ever wondered how to make eBPF accessible to someone with no to little technical background? This talk promises an exploration filled with kitchen-inspired metaphors. 

Whether the audience will be full of seasoned (pun intended) eBPF experts or engineers just getting started, they can come and taste the unique perspective of understanding eBPf through the eyes of an Italian grandma.

**OSS Project used**: eBPF, Falco
